[SDXL] Allow SDXL LoRA to be run with less than 16GB of VRAM (#4470)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/dreambooth/README_sdxl.md

Our experiments were conducted on a single 40GB A100 GPU.

### Dog toy example with < 16GB VRAM

> By making use of [`gradient_checkpointing`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/checkpoint.html) which is natively supported in Diffusers, and the amazing [`xformers`](https://github.com/facebookresearch/xformers) and [`bitsandbytes`](https://github.com/TimDettmers/bitsandbytes) library you can train SDXL LoRAs with less than 16GB of VRAM by adding the following flags to your accelerate launch command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By making use of [`gradient_checkpointing`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/checkpoint.html) (which is natively supported in Diffusers), [`xformers`](https://github.com/facebookresearch/xformers), and [`bitsandbytes`](https://github.com/TimDettmers/bitsandbytes) libraries, you can train SDXL LoRAs with less than 16GB of VRAM by adding the following flags to your accelerate launch command:
```

```diff
+  --enable_xformers_memory_efficient_attention \
+  --gradient_checkpointing \
+  --use_8bit_adam \

> + --mixed_precision="fp16" \

Author: ```suggestion
+  --mixed_precision="fp16" \
```

```

> and making sure that you have the following libraries installed:

Reviewer: Do we need to put a disclaimer that training with text encoder is still not possible within a free-tier Colab?
